Spacemesh looks like a project
that can change the perception
that blockchain technology
is something difficult
and that it's not for everyone.
In order to use cryptocurrency
and collect coins,
there is no need
to keep your computer running
for 24 hours a day
and use super-powerful hardware.
To me, this literally means
that no matter who you are,
a programmer, a businessman,
a housewife, a teacher,
you can easily use
your cryptocurrency account
and sometimes even receive rewards.
At the same time,
there are no large entities in the system
like banks or organizations
so we can be confident
that the process is secure and transparent.
Spacemesh exists
thanks to ordinary people
who can use it to the extent
they see fit.
I believe that Spacemesh
has great potential
and that this platform can be adapted
anywhere in the world.
The main objective is to keep
the project equally accessible
and easy to use for everyone.